# Completed Technical Skills
## By Bethany Williams

### GitHub
On August 24, 2018, I completed the initial eight GitHub Training courses, consisting of hands-on labs. Within [these courses](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42616466/48637322-03527500-e993-11e8-87cb-3e1bdaabf576.png), I explored many different aspects of the platform, including a basic introduction, how to communicate well using Markdown, how to create sites and blogs such as this one through GitHub pages, how to manage and merge conflicts, an introduction to HTML and webpage building, how to best communicate via GitHub, how to upload existing projects, and how to migrate repositories. These courses gave me a good base-level understanding of GitHub and how to use it effectively and engagingly. 

### PowerShell
On September 16, 2018, I completed the Microsoft Virtual Academy PowerShell: Beginner path, consisting of videos and quizzes and earned a [badge](https://mva.microsoft.com/RewardEvidence.aspx/?key=haaNjgCPWTj_pmyGijh6Zw2) demonstrating what I learned. Through this course, I gained knowledge of basic PowerShell features, the Help system, the pipeline and the four-step solution, remoting and how it works, automation and security goals of PowerShell, and scripting and toolmaking through ISE. I also learned about PowerShell Desired State Configuration, performing a push deployment, configuring pull servers, discovering available resources, enhancing configurations, and working cross-platform with Linux. Overall, this course introduced me to PowerShell and allowed me to become familiar with this important technology. 

### AWS Cloud Practitioner
On September 26, 2018, I completed the Amazon Web Services Cloud Practitioner Essentials training, consisting of video tutorials. Through [this course](), I learned the cloud concepts, core services, security, architecting, pricing, support, and other elements that create the AWS Cloud. This training gave me basic knowledge on AWS, its cloud system, and the necessary elements of clouds in general, along with basic skills in understanding how such a platform works in various examples and tutorials. 

### PowerBI
On October 3, 2018, I completed the edX course Analyzing and Visualizing Data with Power BI, consisting of videos, readings, quizzes, and hands-on labs. Through [this course](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42616466/47803014-86bb6780-dcff-11e8-90dc-240eb2aca850.png), I learned key concepts relating to the platform, such as how to import, shape, and connect to data, how to create, share, and consume dashboards in different diverse forms, how to enrich and visualize data with reports, how to schedule report refreshes, how to utilize Excel reports, how to collaborate and share with others within the system, how to connect to other services directly, and how to create custom visuals. The skills I learned in this course were enforced through the interactive labs and dynamic exercises, allowing me to gain a basic knowledge of how to utilize Power BI. 

### Linux Basics
On October 18, 2018, I completed the Guru99 Linux/Unix Tutorial for Beginners, consisting of readings and video clips. In [this tutorial](), I gained a basic understanding of the system, including installation, comparisons to Windows, important commands for creating, viewing, deleting, moving, and manipulating files and directories, file permissions and ownership, redirection and expression, environment variables, process management, shell scripting, virtual terminal, general administration such as creating, using, and disabling, and the differences between Linux and Unix systems. This tutorial taught me the basic elements of Linux and gave me a basic understanding of its functions and differences from other operating systems. 

### Azure
On September 6, 2018, I completed the beginner and intermediate video learning portions of the Microsoft Azure Administrator path. In [these videos](), I gained a basic understanding of managing infrastructure, using virtual machines, using IaaS monitoring and management, and security used through the Azure platform. These videos taught me important concepts and allowed me to compare various forms of cloud services. 

